Add tags to jobs and a command line arg to select them (#789)
thp/urlwatch: docs/source/manpage.rst

positional arguments:
   JOB

>           indexes or tags of job(s) to run, depending on --tags.
>           If using indexes, they are as numbered according to the --list command.

Reviewer: Something along the lines of:

```suggestion
          index(es) or tag(s) of job(s) to run.
          If --tags is set, JOB will be interpreted as tags,
          if not, as index(es) numbered according to the --list command.
```

Author: Done something along those lines :)
